Absolutely! Let's break down these concepts, and I'll include some code examples where relevant.

● What is Emmet?

    Emmet is a toolkit (primarily a plugin for code editors) that dramatically speeds up HTML and CSS workflow.
    It allows you to use shorthand abbreviations that expand into full-fledged code structures.

Example:

Typing div.my-class#my-id in your editor and then triggering the Emmet expansion would generate this HTML:
HTML

<div class="my-class" id="my-id"></div>

Use code with caution.

● Difference between a Library and a Framework?

    Library:
        A collection of reusable code components to perform specific tasks.
        You call upon library functions when you need them.
        Focus: Flexibility, picking and choosing what you use.
        Example: React (you decide on structure and how to use components)

    Framework:
        Provides a more opinionated structure or skeleton for your application.
        The framework often dictates the flow of control. You fill in the blanks.
        Focus: Standardization and a well-defined way of doing things.
        Example: Angular (provides strict architecture)

● What is a CDN? Why do we use it?

    CDN (Content Delivery Network): A geographically distributed network of servers designed to deliver web content (like JavaScript libraries, images, CSS) to users faster.

    Why use CDNs:
        Faster page load times: CDNs place resources closer to the user, reducing the distance data needs to travel.
        Reduced server load: CDNs lessen the burden on your own servers.
        Reliability: CDNs handle traffic spikes and offer protection against some attacks.

● Why is React known as React?

    React was designed to "react" to changes in data. When the underlying data of a component changes, React efficiently re-renders only the necessary parts of the user interface. This reactivity makes it well-suited for building dynamic UIs.

● What is crossorigin in script tag?

    The crossorigin attribute handles Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) requests for resources from other domains. Browsers use CORS as a security measure.

    Example:
    HTML

    <script src="https://some-cdn.com/library.js" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>

    Use code with caution.

    Values:
        anonymous: Sends the request without credentials (cookies, etc.).
        use-credentials: Sends the request with credentials.

● What is the difference between React and ReactDOM?

    React: The core library containing components, state, props, and the logic for building user interfaces. It's universal, usable for web, mobile, etc.

    ReactDOM:  A renderer. It bridges React with the actual web browser's DOM. It provides methods like ReactDOM.render() to mount your React components onto web pages.

● What is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

    react.development.js:
        Larger file size.
        Includes extra checks and helpful warnings during development.
        Not meant for production use.

    react.production.js
        Minified and optimized for speed and file size.
        Strips out development-only code.
        Intended for production environments.